Conan Extension for Visual Studio (#1312)
conan-io/docs: integrations/ide/visual_studio.rst

___________________________

Conan Extension for Visual Studio
=================================

Thanks to the invaluable help of our community we manage to develop and maintain a free

> extension for Visual Studio in the Microsoft Marketplace, it is called Conan Extension

Reviewer: Highlight the name (with next suggestion too)
```suggestion
extension for Visual Studio in the Microsoft Marketplace, it is called **Conan Extension
```

> for Visual Studio and it provides an integration with Conan using the

Reviewer: Highlight the name (continuation)
```suggestion
for Visual Studio** and it provides integration with Conan using the
```

:ref:`Visual Studio generators <visualstudio_generator>`.

.. image:: ../../images/visual_studio/marketplace-header.png
   :width: 90%
   :alt: Conan Extension for Visual Studio in the Microsoft marketplace

You can install it into your IDE using the **Extensions manager** and start using it right

> away, this extension will look for a *conanfile.py* (or *conanfile.txt*) and retrieve the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
away. This extension will look for a *conanfile.py* (or *conanfile.txt*) and retrieve the
```

requirements declared in it that match your build configuration (it will build them from
sources if no binaries are available).

.. note::

    **Location of the conanfile**

>     In version ``1.0`` of the extension the algorithm to look for the conanfile.py (preferred)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In version ``1.0`` of the extension, the algorithm to look for the *conanfile.py* (preferred)
```

>     or conanfile.txt is very naïve: it will start looking for those files in the directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    or *conanfile.txt* is very naïve: It will start looking for those files in the directory
```

>     where the **Visual Studio project file** is located and then it will walk recursively into

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    where the **Visual Studio project file** is located. Then it will walk recursively into
```

>     parent directories to look for them.

Reviewer: It is not clear what "them" refers to. IMO better omit it
```suggestion
    parent directories.
```

> The extension is creating a property sheet file and adding it to the project, so all the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The extension creates a property sheet file and adds it to the project, so all the
```

information from the dependencies handled by Conan should be added (as inherited properties)
to those already available in your projects.

At this moment (release ``v1.0.x``) the extension is under heavy development, some behaviors may

> change and new features will be added. You can subscribe to `its repository`_ to keep updated and,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
change and new features will be added. You can subscribe to `its repository`_ to stay updated and,
```

> of course, your feedback about the next steps will be more than welcome.

Reviewer: Better to keep it more generic
```suggestion
of course, any feedback about it will be more than welcome.
```
